Reusing existing tooled tank diameters in new rockets to minimize new tooling costs...
Stretching the length of an existing tank to cheaply make a larger tank...
Forgetting just about everything learned in stock KSP...
Remembering to tool parts only AFTER rocket design and testing is complete...
Tooling all parts on an X-plane for faster turnaround times...
Beginning crew proficiency training for a new cockpit or capsule as soon as its tech starts being researched...
Starting mission training weeks or months before the rocket is on the launch pad...
Placing sounding rocket payload in a high-pressure fuel tank...
Checking Service Module for the correct Comsat, Navsat, or Weathersat payload...
Ensuring launch complex is configured to handle intended propellants...
Adding more fuel and upgrading engines...
Lamenting the cruelty of the rocket equation...
Reducing payload mass to the bare minimum required...
Researching EDL tech to unlock uncrewed orbital reentry contracts...
Upgrading to new and improved fuel tank types to reduce vehicle mass and increase Delta V...
Unlocking improved avionics to save mass and use less electricity...
Reducing initial TWR of upper stages...
Always purchasing upgraded variants of engines in the VAB...
Enabling extra telemetry on an engine to earn du more quickly with Testlite...
Checking rated burn times and MTBF when selecting engines...
Using high pressure tanks for pressure-fed engines...
Making minor changes (+/- 4%) to tank diameter or length without needing new tooling...
Thinking long and hard before accepting the first orbital satellite contracts...
Launching a variety of early sounding rocket contracts...
Earning early science with suborbital film and bio contracts...
Thanking the RP-1 dev team...
Checking out Github for the latest and greatest versions of RP-1 and RO...
Chatting on the RP-1 discord...
Packing enough electricity and life support to keep your astronauts alive during the mission...
Adjusting the construction speed of KSC improvements...
Building a new launch complex for a new rocket design...
Filling tanks with the proper fuel and oxidizer mix...
Hiring scientists...
Hiring engineers...
Earning a subsidy on unlock costs by collecting science...
Remembering to assign engineers to launch complexes...
Sending astronauts on interesting missions to push back their retirement dates...
Reading mission reports and watching RP-1 streamers on Twitch to pick up tips...
Putting deep space avionics on anything leaving low Earth orbit...
Using tooled parts to speed up build times...
Spin-stabilizing early upper stages...
Airlaunching an X-plane...
Using RealAntennas and Kerbalism for the best-supported and current RP-1 experience...
Installing ROTanks for more attractive, detailed, and customizable procedural fuel tanks...
Opening issues and submitting pull requests on Github...
Dismantling an unneeded launch complex...
Setting proper tech levels, frequency band, and transmission power when using RealAntennas...
Upgrading the Astronaut Complex once to allow EVAs, and twice to allow flag planting...
Planning gravity assists...
Sending probes to Venus and Mars to earn lots of funds and science...
Adding MLI to tanks with cryogenic propellants...
Reading lots of helpful information on the wiki at github.com/KSP-RO/RP-0/wiki...
Carefully checking mods for RP-1 compatibility...
Watching early solar panels degrade more quickly...
Getting some of the best parts via the RO mods - ROTanks, ROCapsules, ROSolar, and ROEngines...
Taking months or years to finish some science experiments with Kerbalism...
Adding science experiments to procedural probe cores...
Flying planes to advance a career more quickly...
Installing either TestFlight or Testlite to enable engine failures...
Exporting a career log to share with others...
Upgrading the Tracking Station to increase the power of Earth's DSN...
Analyzing porkchop plots for interplanetary transfers...
Gaining more science from each experiment on Normal or Easy difficulty...
Using KCT Simulations instead of KRASH for rocket testing...
Requiring avionics control on downrange sounding rocket contracts...
Planning a crewed Mars mission...
Engaging TUFX filters for more artistic screenshots...
Reworking some early contracts...
Adding even more engines...
Admiring the engine plumes with Waterfall installed...
Removing most flying low Earth science...
Adding new flying high Earth science...
Adding high-speed and high-altitude crewed science experiments to X-plane cockpits...
Adding pressurant for pressure-fed engines and RCS thrusters...
Deprecating non-procedural avionics...
Rebalancing the cost and tech tree placement of solid rocket motors...
Moving select fuels and engines to different nodes in the tech tree...
Reworking Phobos and Deimos science and biomes...
Rebalancing contract rewards and mid-game tech node costs...
Being challenged with smaller payouts and less time to complete contracts on Hard difficulty...
